feature(util): new utility to create http params (#1043)
plentymarkets/terra-components: CHANGELOG.md

<a name="5.0.0"></a>
# 5.0.0 (Unreleased)

## Features

> * **createHttpParams** new createHttpParams function is the replacement for the deprecated createUrlSearchParams from TerraBaseService.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **utils** provide new `createHttpParams()` method which replaces the deprecated `createUrlSearchParams()` of the `TerraBaseService`.
```

> * **createHttpParams** new createHttpParams function is the new replacement for the deprecated createUrlSearchParams from TerraBaseService function.

Reviewer 2: ein new kannst du dir denke ich sparen :D

Author: :D ja
